bin/elasticsearch-plugin install discovery-multicast
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install analysis-icu
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install analysis-kuromoji
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install analysis-phonetic
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install analysis-smartcn
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install analysis-stempel
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install analysis-ukrainian
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install discovery-file
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install ingest-attachment
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install ingest-geoip
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install ingest-user-agent
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install mapper-attachments
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install mapper-size
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install mapper-murmur3
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install lang-javascript
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install lang-python
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install repository-hdfs
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install repository-s3
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install repository-azure
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install repository-gcs
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install store-smb
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install discovery-ec2
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install discovery-azure-classic
bin/elasticsearch-plugin install discovery-gce